hi guys tell her head was back with
another action figure review today I'm
heading a look at the dark knight rises
math X Batman he's a second figure in
the mafic slime the first one being
spider-man much of which I've already
reviewed the Batman is very cool I
easily got to be probably pretty
confident and saying probably the best 6
inch scale Batman figure like pretty
much like ever produced he's just
extremely well sculpted he's loaded with
articulation he's got some nice
accessories he's got a nice cloth cape
you don't really see that on many Batman
figures anymore but he's quite cool I
getting an actual look at the sculpt
doing he's primarily done a black
obviously you know I was a color of the
suit but you know it's got very nice
clean lines on the sculpt nice clean
work done on the actual utility belt the
gauntlets the actual body armor on the
chest and the stomach that was a cat
sneezing by the way nice headsculpt done
like it has a pretty decent likeness to
christian bale as some of the figures
actually made out of like the chest the
arms legs it's all cast of like a hard
plastic but similar to the spider-man
figure the actual upper torso piece like
the chest here as well as the back this
is actually made out of like rubber you
can actually see that moving so it I
think pretty much their ID on this is a
it kind of gives a suit like a nice look
to it and then it actually you know
doesn't impede a lot of the articulation
so it's kind of a nice nice touch really
articulation wise guys hinge on the toll
both toes is ball JUnit ankle move
forward and back as a nice range of
motion now can also swivel on an angle
just like so so you know kind of like a
wider stance and still keep his feet on
the ground he does stand pretty well on
his own as well he's got double hinged
knee similar to a figure arts figure
made by band a actually is kind of like
a ball jointed hip now these can also
pull away from the body like so so you
can actually get have like quite a range
of motion on the actual leg as well to
the side and then he just kind of you
know move back into place so it's
essentially kind of like sort of a
double ball joint so I really like these
because they give a really huge range of
motion he's got a ball joint on the
abdomen or sorry the waist baldwin in
the middle of the abdomen he's got
double ball jointed neck where it
connects to the body as well as the head
so he can't look down that well kind of
unless you use the torso for the abdomen
joint as well but he can look up very
well and then now you can tip his head
from side to side and he's got ball
jointed shoulders nice range of motion
the shoulder pads here actually sculpted
in like a softer plastic or softer
rubber sorry so again you're not losing
any of that articulation I should
mention if you pull these too far they
will pop out which I'll show you just
like so similar if you saw my spider-man
review it's not a huge grape it's a
little bit annoying the the possibly the
whole should be a little deeper the
balls a little bigger just to prevent
that from happening but I would rather
have them pop out than them snap and
brick right so it's really not all that
you know it doesn't really bother me
that bed he's also got kind of a bicep
swivel where the ball joint is there
like so he's got a doe I think it's a
double hinge yes it is a double hinge
elbow nice range of motion and then ball
joints on the wrists so as you can see
he includes a set of fists
set him down for a second I includes a
couple additional hands he has one
trigger hand holding some of his
accessories he's got to open hands those
swap out without too much difficulty I
includes the the grappling gun it's
nicely sculpted a nice clean paint work
and he can hold that like I said with
faith that kind of that trigger hand and
then he's also got this I think was a
good EMP gun just basically kind of like
a gun metal paint job on it and then
just kind of the inside here is done in
silver and then kind of each of those
little heads is done and silver with the
kind of the tip painted black so again
you can hold that pretty well he also
includes a display base with a like a
posing arm so it just kind of clips
around his waist just to kind of show
you a bit of scale as well I have the
Mattel dark knight rises bane you can
actually see they they fit in pretty
well together Batman is of you know as
you can see he is taller but still not
too bad depending how you have Batman
and pulls he actually fit in really well
together so I also have the spider-man
handy as well too so you can have a
quick look so if Batman does edged out
spider-man in terms of height too but
definitely definitely a very very very
cool batman figure we definitely have to
recommend pick him up I snagged them off
of a Miami and they run about 30 bucks
but I believe they're coming out to
North America as well for sale through I
think diamond comic distributors but
anyways look for me definitely very cool
batman anyways guys thanks for checking
out the review and take care